Sept 2017
   Oh hey, it's been a while huh?
      Sorry about yet another late update. I've been enjoying life
      not having anything to do with nintype, and let me tell you.
      Life has never been better.
   ----
   Fixed the issue with "TV" and "PC" when you try to type "I"
      was a corrupted dictionary file, in a way
   ----
   Added a dictionary management tool
      you can now backup your whole dictionary and "recompile" it
      this tool is for those who want to make their own custom dicts
      only accessible from servermode.
      I'm starting to think servermode console is the answer
      to options or management of nintype
   ----
   Servermode now works for android too
      You can now activate servermode on android nintype.
      You can use this to backup words, etc, or just mess around
   ----
   What's next?
      when's <insert your language> going to be implemented?
      who knows at this point. I'm enjoying life without worrying
      about nintype a little too much.
   ----
   What am I working on other than nintype?
      A few games.
      That, and a java development tool. If you use java, you might
      find a use of it! This'll probably be the next thing I release.
July 2017
   Oh hey, what's up? It's been a while!
      let's get on with the news shall we?
      also apologies for twitter silence, staying away from that thing
      really does wonders for my sanity though. Lets me concentrate on my other projects.
   ----
   Topbar improvements:
      press-hold on a word to change capitalization easily
      Sliding left/right now has a new mode (go to options for that)
      insta cap switching of words now easily done through the menu
      fixed bug where cap switching didn't reflect properly
      fixed retype->rewind bugs (UI misplacement, etc)
   ----
   Shortcuts
      you can now add big shortcut slots on the main menu
      it's easier to see than the current "5 icons" slots.
      it's off by default, so you have to enable it first
   ----
   Updated dictionary
      improved, in general. Thanks for your dictionary donations.
      I haven't put in the credits yet (one day..). Also, removed
      some silly dictionary words too, like "huang", "saturaday"
April 2017
   What is nintype? I almost forgot. 
      Sorry for the late update - been busy with "stuff"
   ----
   Topbar is revamped, should be much better now in terms of
   experience. You can see the cursor, etc.
February 2017
   Oh yeah, sorry about that last update breaking options menu
      it should be fixed now.
   ----
   This is just a quick update.
      My todo list is super long, and there are other things left.
      But I'm still working on a game, amongst other things.
      If only I can clone myself.
      Feel free to keep nagging me about bugs I forget to fix
      (just mail me, you've got my number hit me up)
   ----
   Revamping the main menu
      it's about time to make it more logical. Work in progress.
   ----
   Fixed the kaomoji page
      Colors should be right now
   ----
   An engineer from Apple mailed me
      and let me know about a deprecated API usage related to sounds
      so I went and fixed things. Let me know if sounds work better now.
      (thanks, Josh)
   ----
   Haptic feedback!
      it's now an option.
      Enable it from the "sounds" options. Let me know how it feels?
      Only works on iPhone 7 and up
December Drought
   Hebrew kinda works properly now? Maybe not.
   Still need to make spacebar slider work left-to-right though
   ----
   Hey there iOS users. First time seeing this eh?
      It's because android limited its changelog to 500chars
      so I had to make this as well, and I had a few quick android releases
      you may have heard, my attention have shifted to android recently
   ----
   Donate your dictionary to me, please!
      go to the options, and scroll down. You'll see a pink button.
   ----
   You can now adjust vertical positioning of letter keys
      from the same UI where you change fonts
   ----
   Sorry for ignoring twitter for a bit
      I got in the zone on this project, and twitter was usually quiet
   I've been busy working on something
      you might know what it is, if you've been following me on twitter
      not related to the calendar or nintype though
      nintype isn't really paying the bills anymore
      but unlike other keyboards, what fuels nintype isn't its
      ability to pay the bill, but the fact that I, the only developer
      still uses nintype for everyday usage.
      SO don't you worry, and just give me time to work on things
   ----
   I still haven't installed 10.2 as of now
      Did it make the 3rd party keyboard in iOS better? Probably
      But given my disappointment in the past, I feel no obligation to
      install it first day.
      The damn emojis though, they mean more work for me :/
   ----
   16 Dec 2016
Yet another update eh?
   Updates won't be this consistent. Please don't get used to it.
   I do plan to get some stuff done though, so more are incoming
   ----
   What do you think about this news system?
   ----
   you can now export settings by copy/paste rather than inserting to textboxes
      you can also import via copy/paste too
   ----
   It turns out servermode won't work for a while (android)
      because nintype didn't ask for internet permissions.
      might have to make a different version with internet permissions
      or maybe it's not worth the effort?
      if only android has an on/off switch for these
   ----
   New settings:
      "reverse thicc flick direction" for those who can't flick the other way
      "quit peckmode on slide" can now be disabled
   ----
   30 nov 2016
First Android Update
   Android specific Spacebar Push
      (slide down from spacebar, instead of force pushing)
      !! please report back to tell me if this works !!
   ----
   Screen Scale options
   ----
   Paste shortcut works
      copy copies line, not selection.
      Why is it like this? Because iOS keyboard API doesn't allow nintype
      to see what's in the selection, for some reason
   ----
   30 nov 2016
