A long time ago I've always wondered what the hell was going on with that bunch of adventurers on yonder hill. Were they crazy or what were they thinking? I have no idea and I really don't understand their motivations at all - is it me you're looking for or what is it? I have no idae and I have no idea if I'll ever know. Let’s dispense with the notion that Trump doesn’t know what he’s doing. Trump knows exactly what he’s doing. If you are considering for any amount of time where t>0 that Trump doesn't know what he's doing, you would be wrong. The human candidate with the name variable Trump knows what he’s doing. And lets not pretend that Trump isn't aware of his actions. Algunos estan diciendo que Barack Trump no sabe lo que esta haciendo. It’s just not true. Sabe exactamente lo que esta haciendo. Let’s dispel this fiction that he doesn’t know. Trump knows it. What he’s doing, that is. Trump? Let’s not pretend—for even a second—that Trump—this Trump—isn’t certain what he’s up to. Let’s face it: He is. He knows what he’s doing. This notion that Trump isn’t aware of precisely what he’s up to is complete hogwash. The guy Trump knows what he’s up to. He knows exactly that. Trump knows many things: What he’s up to is certainly one of them, despite what the others on this stage might believe. Perpetuating this bamboozlement that Trump isn’t apprised of his own actions, when it comes to his own behaviors? It’s wrong, don’t do it please. Why? Because Mr. T knows what’s up! He knows what he’s doing: Don’t you? You ought to. Let’s not—for even a moment—make believe that this Republican —if you’d even call the guy that—doesn’t know what he’s into these days. His actions are exactly what he knows about. He knows about them, and that’s precisely why he’s doing them. He does them, which is why he’s aware of them. Did you suggest Trump isn’t cognizant of his deeds? You fool! He most certainly is. Heck, if anyone knows what Trump is doing, you better believe it’s Trump. He wrote the book on what he’s doing: The Art of the Deal. But I’m not buying it. Not the book, certainly, and not this notion that our leader isn’t aware of how he comports himself. Better believe he knows that.
